docs: update the operator on operatorhub.io (#265)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/contributing/release-process/_index.en.md

Alternatively you can edit the file and create a pull request directly on GitHub
[here](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/edit/master/src/content/releases/_index.en.md)

> ### Step 8: Update submariner-operator on operatorhub.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 8: Update the Submariner operator on OperatorHub.io
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Git repository called [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators) is the source for community based operators. This repository is split into two sections:

* Operators for deployment to a vanilla Kubernetes environment (upstream-community-operators)
* Operators for deployment to OpenShift (community-operators)

operatorhub.io displays content that is targeted for vanilla Kubernetes.
```

1) Clone the [submariner-operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator) project
2) Make sure you have operator-sdk installed on your machine

> 3) Generate a new csv file by running the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Generate a new CSV file by running the command:
```

   ```bash
   operator-sdk generate csv \
    --csv-version=${OPERATOR_VERSION} \
    --csv-channel=alpha \
    --default-channel=true \
    --operator-name=submariner \
    --update-crds \
    --make-manifests=false \
    --interactive=false
   ```

   the output generated package should be located in `deploy/olm-catalog/submariner`
4) Fork and clone [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators) project.

> 5) Update the kubernetes operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Update the Kubernetes operator:
```

    * copy the new generated package from step 3 into `upstream-community-operators/submariner`

>     * compare the new csv file with the previous one and update the missing fields. (e.g. spec.description)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * compare the new CSV file with the previous one and update the missing fields (e.g spec.description)
```

    * update the version in `upstream-community-operators/submariner/submariner.package.yaml`
    * test the operator by running the command: `make operator.test OP_PATH=upstream-community-operators/submariner`
    * preview the operator on [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/preview)
    * once everything is fine, review this
    [checklist](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators/blob/master/docs/pull_request_template.md)
    and create a new PR on [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators)

> 6) Update the openshift operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6) Update the OpenShift operator:
```

Alternatively you can edit the file and create a pull request directly on GitHub
[here](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/edit/master/src/content/releases/_index.en.md)

> ### Step 8: Update the Submariner operator on OperatorHub.io

Reviewer 2: I think this should go after the "Verify the release" step.

> The Git repository called [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators)
> is the source for community based operators. This repository is split into two sections:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators) Git repository
is the source for sharing Kubernetes Operators with the broader community. This repository is split into two sections:
```

> * Operators for deployment to a vanilla Kubernetes environment (upstream-community-operators)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Operators for deployment to a vanilla Kubernetes environment (upstream-community-operators). These are shared with the Kubernetes community via [OperatorHub.io\(https://operatorhub.io/).
```

* Operators for deployment to OpenShift (community-operators)

> OperatorHub.io displays content that is targeted for vanilla Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To publish the Submariner operator to the community, perform the following stes:
```

1) Clone the [submariner-operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator) project

> 2) Make sure you have operator-sdk installed on your machine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) Make sure you have the operator-sdk installed on your machine
```

Can you provide instructions on how to install the operator-sdk and what version?

Reviewer 2: 👆

Author: Sorry I missed that comment

3) Generate a new CSV file by running the command:

   ```bash
   operator-sdk generate csv \
    --csv-version=${OPERATOR_VERSION} \
    --csv-channel=alpha \
    --default-channel=true \
    --operator-name=submariner \
    --update-crds \
    --make-manifests=false \
    --interactive=false
   ```

>    the output generated package should be located in `deploy/olm-catalog/submariner`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the generated package output should be located in `deploy/olm-catalog/submariner`
```

4) Fork and clone [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators) project.
5) Update the Kubernetes operator:

>     * copy the new generated package from step 3 into `upstream-community-operators/submariner`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * copy the generated package from step 3 into `upstream-community-operators/submariner`
```

    * compare the new CSV file with the previous one and update the missing fields (e.g spec.description)
    * update the version in `upstream-community-operators/submariner/submariner.package.yaml`
    * test the operator by running the command: `make operator.test OP_PATH=upstream-community-operators/submariner`
    * preview the operator on [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/preview)
    * once everything is fine, review this
    [checklist](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators/blob/master/docs/pull_request_template.md)
    and create a new PR on [community-operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators)
6) Update the OpenShift operator:

>    * run step 5 again but this time on `community-operators/submariner` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * re-run step 5 on the `community-operators/submariner` directory.
```
